PHP update (#1249)
temporalio/documentation: docs/php/how-to-set-a-start-to-close-timeout-in-php.md

---
id: how-to-set-a-start-to-close-timeout-in-php
title: How to set Start-to-Close Timeout in PHP
sidebar_label: Start-to-Close Timeout
---

Because Activities are reentrant, only a single stub can be used for multiple Activity invocations.

> The follow code creates an Activity with a `ScheduleToStartTimeout` set to 2 seconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following code creates an Activity with a `StartToCloseTimeout` set to 2 seconds.
```
